Change the readme structure (#83)
logzio/logzio-python-handler: README.md

pip install logzio-python-handler
```

> If you'd like to use [Trace context](#trace-context) then you need to install the OpenTelemetry logging instrumentation dependecy by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to use [Trace context](#trace-context), you need to install the OpenTelemetry logging instrumentation dependency by running the following command:
```
